README.md, before:

# MobWxCloud

This project aims to provide back-end to MobWxApp, a mobile application that provides weather information to users.

## Overview

This solution provides a REST API to MobWxApp, abstracting-away the complexities of fetching data from the NWS API.

Components:

- MobWx.API: REST API endpoints for MobWxApp to fetch data from.
- MobWx.Lib: Business logic to process NWS API responses as requested by MobWx.API.
- MobWx.Web: (Future) Web interface to manage MobWx.API.
- Tests, AppHost, and ServiceDefaults: Support dev and test time activities.

## Status

This project is under development, with a goal of deploying to Azure by June 2025.

### Features

(incomplete list while in early development)

- Fetch current weather conditions from NWS API and convert for MobWx client consumption.
- Fetch active alerts from NWS API and convert for MobWx client consumption.
- Fetch forecast data from NWS API and convert for MobWx client consumption.
- Leverage .NET Aspire v9.0 for dev time productivity and debugging.

## Releases

- 0.0.1-SNAPSHOT: Initial version

Commit message:

Geocoding and code cleanup (#6)
- Refactor Coordinate class, update tests.
- Add Location class, tests.
- Add Geocoding endpoint models, functions, and routes.
- Implement HttpClient to call OSM endpoint.
- Add License file and text.
- Update unit tests.
- Updated readme.
- Move custom DI configs to static classes.
- Remove measurements, use QV classes instead.
- Bugfixes: CloudLayer, QV
- Move models from API into Library.
- Rename UnitConverter methods to match purposes.

README.md, after:

# MobWxCloud

This project aims to provide back-end to MobWxApp, a mobile application that provides weather information to users.

## Overview

This solution provides a REST API to MobWxApp, abstracting-away the complexities of fetching data from the NWS API.

Components:

- MobWx.API: REST API endpoints for MobWxApp to fetch data from.
- MobWx.Lib: Business logic to process NWS API responses as requested by MobWx.API.
- MobWx.Web: (Future) Web interface to manage MobWx.API.
- Tests, AppHost, and ServiceDefaults: Support dev and test time activities.

## Status

This project is under development, with a goal of deploying to Azure by June 2025.

### Features

(incomplete list while in early development)

- Fetch latitude, longitude from city and state inputs (US only).
- Fetch current weather conditions from NWS API and convert for MobWx client consumption.
- Fetch active alerts from NWS API and convert for MobWx client consumption.
- Fetch forecast data from NWS API and convert for MobWx client consumption.
- Leverage .NET Aspire v9.0 for dev time productivity and debugging.

## Releases

- 0.0.1-SNAPSHOT: Initial version
